Y
for me
hello all guys I'm the vegan cat and
in this video I wanted to present you a
new section that I'm going to do in this
channel the truth is that I came up with the
another day at dawn
I was not able to get my exams and I think
It can be very interesting especially
so you do not have a lot of time to see
videos and for even people who are not
subscribed this channel will simply be
as a compilation way it's worth and
also a little more pleasant to understand
certain things the section is going to be called
tips for all these videos are going to
try 10 tips that I'm going to
select given my experience and with what
that I know means I'm not going to
look for that information and I'm going to do it
in video but they are 10 tips that I
I will select for example how
make certain nor happier as to
that are healthier to get something
It's worth different visits that I do not want
overtake yet but to tell you that
the first video edited recorded so
in two days you will have it on my channel
so this morning you are going to have
to get that first video that I 'm not going
to advance what it is but what I think
will like the intention is also like
I told people that do not even follow
my videos or something like that I have there
as a compilation of 10 10 tricks
10 little tips that can help you with
and nothing guys was just telling you this
tell you that of course the rest of
videos of other types of other styles that
I do for my channel they will continue
being this is only a section and
well I hope you share them that
I like you too
and of course they help as always
see you in the next video bye bye